Remove reference to Worker Termination Grace Period (#287)
astronomer/docs: cloud/deploy-code.md

astro deploy
```

This command returns a list of Airflow Deployments available in your Workspace and prompts you to pick one. Once this command is executed, all files in your Astronomer project directory are built into a new Docker image and pushed to Astronomer.

## Step 3: Validate Your Changes

If it's your first time deploying, expect to wait a few minutes for the Docker image to build. To confirm that your deploy was successful, open your Deployment in the Astronomer UI and click **Open Airflow** to access the Airflow UI.

Once you log in, you should see the DAGs you just deployed.

## What Happens During a Code Deploy

> When you deploy code to Astronomer Cloud, your Astronomer project is built into a Docker image. This includes system-level dependencies, Python-level dependencies, DAGs, and your `Dockerfile`. It does not include any of the metadata associated with your local Airflow environment, including task history and Airflow Connections or Variables that were set locally. This Docker image is then pushed to all containers running the Apache Airflow application on Astronomer Cloud, including the Airflow Scheduler, Webserver, and Celery Workers.

Reviewer: I love this explanation!

astro deploy
```

This command returns a list of Airflow Deployments available in your Workspace and prompts you to pick one. Once this command is executed, all files in your Airflow project directory are built into a new Docker image and pushed to Astronomer.

## Step 3: Validate Your Changes

If it's your first time deploying, expect to wait a few minutes for the Docker image to build. To confirm that your deploy was successful, open your Deployment in the Astronomer UI and click **Open Airflow** to access the Airflow UI.

Once you log in, you should see the DAGs you just deployed.

## What Happens During a Code Deploy

When you deploy code to Astronomer Cloud, your entire Astronomer project is built into a Docker image. This includes system-level dependencies, Python-level dependencies, DAGs, and your `Dockerfile`. It does not include any of the metadata associated with your local Airflow environment, including task history and Airflow Connections or Variables that were set locally. This Docker image is then pushed to all containers running the Apache Airflow application on Astronomer Cloud, including Celery Workers.

> If you are deploying code to a Deployment that is already running code from a previous version of your project, the following happens:

Author: ```suggestion
If you deploy code to a Deployment that is already running code from a previous version of your project, then the following happens:
```

> When you deploy code to Astronomer Cloud, your entire Astronomer project is built into a Docker image. This includes system-level dependencies, Python-level dependencies, DAGs, and your `Dockerfile`. It does not include any of the metadata associated with your local Airflow environment, including task history and Airflow Connections or Variables that were set locally. This Docker image is then pushed to all containers running the Apache Airflow application on Astronomer Cloud, including Celery Workers.
> 
> If you deploy code to a Deployment that is already running code from a previous version of your project, then the following happens:
> 
> 1. Existing workers running your old project continue executing their current tasks.
> 2. New workers automatically spin up using KEDA to execute code from your new project.
> 3. Once the workers running your old project finish their current tasks, they are terminated. Workers running your new project are spun up to take their place.
> 
> :::info
> 
> By default, the maximum amount of time that a worker can run a task is 24 hours. After 24 hours, the worker running your task is automatically terminated to ensure that Astronomer can consistently upgrade and maintain your Airflow infrastructure. A worker running for longer than 24 hours will terminate regardless of its task status or any related code deploys.
> 
> If you want to run a task for longer than 24 hours, you must specify an [`execution_timeout`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/tasks.html#timeouts) of more than 24 hours in the code for your task.
> 
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you deploy code to Astronomer Cloud, your Astronomer project is built into a Docker image. This includes system-level dependencies, Python-level dependencies, DAGs, and your `Dockerfile`. It does not include any of the metadata associated with your local Airflow environment, including task history and Airflow Connections or Variables that were set locally. This Docker image is then pushed to all containers running the Apache Airflow application on Astronomer Cloud, including the Airflow Scheduler, Webserver, and Celery Workers.

If you deploy code to a Deployment that is already running a previous version of your code, then the following happens:

1. Tasks that are `running` will continue to execute on existing Celery Workers and are not interrupted.
2. Powered by KEDA, one or more new Celery Workers are spun up to execute tasks as defined by the code you just deployed.
3. Once the Workers running the older version of your code finish executing the tasks that were already either `scheduled` or `running`, those Celery Workers are terminated. New Workers running the newest version of your code are spun up to take their place.

By default, the maximum amount of time that a Worker can run a task on Astronomer Cloud is 24 hours. Anytime that a Celery Worker runs a single task for exactly 24 hours, the Worker is automatically terminated to ensure that Astronomer can reliably upgrade and maintain Astronomer as a service. A Worker running for 24 hours will terminate regardless of the status of its tasks or other deploys to that Deployment. This can result in [tasks marked as 'zombie'](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/tasks.html#zombie-undead-tasks).

:::tip

If you want to force long-running tasks to terminate prior to 24 hours, you must specify an [`execution_timeout`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/tasks.html#timeouts) of less than 24 hours in your DAG's task definition.

:::
```

Reviewer 3: Looks good. One other possible wording of the numbered section -

1. Tasks that are `running` will continue to execute on existing Celery Workers and are not interrupted, unless a task does not complete within 24 hours of the code deploy. If a task does not complete within this grace period it will be terminated. Airflow will mark it as a [`zombie`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/tasks.html#zombie-undead-tasks), and and it will go `up for retry` according to the tasks retry policy.
2. Autoscaling Workers running your latest code will spin up to start executing new tasks immediately. These workers do not wait for your previous workers to terminate.

Reviewer 2: Oh this is great - thanks @schnie. Just pushed up a change based on ^this description instead!
